I'm guessing yoneg and kanati dagodong
I'm a citizen of Cherokee Nation when I
started to submit this idea
I realized that the Brilliance of
indigeneity is really in community
and the passing down of information from
one generation to the next like if I
think about visitors coming in to this
this space and seeing the copper wall I
really want him to rethink the
complexity of how advanced the science
and knowledge and Artistry of indigenous
people are native people or scientists
here they were the first artists and
think about the beauty of relationships
that we have that piece has a
granddaughter offering the first corn to
the grandmother it has a grandpa telling
us a Star Story to a grandson I really
want them to understand that we are a
community of knowledge and a community
of value and when they look at that
piece I really hope they see the joy the
kindness the beauty of these cultures
that we celebrate you you can get a lot
of outside
success but to get it from other
indigenous people in a place that's four
indigenous peoples and their
communication to the world about what we
are
is about the most humbling thing I could
ever have been selected to